README.md, before:

<!-- 
This README describes the package. If you publish this package to pub.dev,
this README's contents appear on the landing page for your package.

For information about how to write a good package README, see the guide for
[writing package pages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/writing-package-pages). 

For general information about developing packages, see the Dart guide for
[creating packages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-library-packages)
and the Flutter guide for
[developing packages and plugins](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages). 
-->

TODO: Put a short description of the package here that helps potential users
know whether this package might be useful for them.

## Features

TODO: List what your package can do. Maybe include images, gifs, or videos.

## Getting started

TODO: List prerequisites and provide or point to information on how to
start using the package.

## Usage

TODO: Include short and useful examples for package users. Add longer examples
to `/example` folder. 

```dart
const like = 'sample';
```

## Additional information

TODO: Tell users more about the package: where to find more information, how to 
contribute to the package, how to file issues, what response they can expect 
from the package authors, and more.

Commit message:

App example of spell check

README.md, after:

# Context
Spell check is something that tends to be done in server side, but it actually don't need to be like that.

With an extra 1.5Mb of words in a text file you will be able to deliver a spell check with below 200ms response time and save cloud costs.


# How this package works
This package uses an hashset comparison algorithm to deliver a spell check that can work offline in the client side 

## Features
- Tokenize a string with multiple words into single word tokens
- Let the programmer configure what are the words so it can work in a multi language way
- Find words in your text that are not in the dictionary
- apply operations to find what are the possible words similar enough that belong to the dictionary
- operations supported to find words: addition, deletion, swap, replace
# Future features

## Getting started

Add the dependency to your `pubspec.yaml`:

```
spell_check: ^0.0.1
```

## Usage

To use this package you will need to add the list of words as an asset inside your app
https://github.com/ivofernandes/spell_check_on_client/tree/master/example/assets


```dart

```

If it looks to hard to use you can always start your app by forking this example app:
https://github.com/ivofernandes/spell_check_on_client/blob/master/example/lib/main.dart


## Like us on pub.dev
Package url:
https://pub.dev/packages/spell_check_on_client


## Instruction to publish the package to pub.dev
dart pub publish
